TINY-6559: Now exit the blockquote when pressing enter twice (#7636)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed
- The `end_container_on_empty_block` option can now take a string of blocks to split when pressing Enter twice #TINY-6559

> - The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to ` 'blockquote' ` #TINY-6559

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'` #TINY-6559
```
Just a minor formatting issue here.

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - Pressing Shift + Enter will now step out of `blockquote` elements to match `pre` element behavior #TINY-6559gp

Reviewer 2: This is no longer the case it needs to be updated to include the changes to the option and that the default is blockquote. Also this like has `gp` at the end of the text not sure what that is? Maybe it needs to be two log items since we are altering the option and also changing the default behavior to split blockquotes not sure what make sense.

## 6.0.1 - TBD

> ### Changed
> - The option`end_container_on_empty_block` can now take a string of blocks to split when pressing Enter twice #TINY-6559
> - The default value for option`end_container_on_empty_block` changed to `blockquote` #TINY-6559

Reviewer: This should be in the `Unreleased` section of the changelog since it's for 6.1.0 instead of 6.0.1.

- [ ] Move to correct place

Also here's a suggestion for some minor edits:
```suggestion
### Changed
- The `end_container_on_empty_block` option can now take a string of blocks to split when pressing Enter twice #TINY-6559
- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to ` 'blockquote' ` #TINY-6559
```

- Moved non-UI table functionality to core #TINY-8273
- The `table_style_by_css` option has been set to `true` by default #TINY-8259
- The `table_use_colgroups` option has been set to `true` by default #TINY-8259

> - Pressing Shift + Enter will now step out of `blockquote` elements to match `pre` element behavior #TINY-6559

Reviewer: This needs rebasing on top of `next` since it's for 6.1 and this entry will need moving to the 6.1 unreleased section (as this section is for 6.0).

Author: I'll do this after the discussion that you requested.
